# Pregnancy-Risk-Assessment-Monitoring-System-Data-Analysis-using-Python
Dataset contains information for 26 states in United States and this information is based on 200 diverse types of questions. Data also covers different topics such as prenatal care, diabetes, HIV, type of delivery (vaginal or Caesarean) etc. This dataset includes information for the year 2011 only. This dataset is comprehensive data which also gives information about Confidence limit which helps us to get biological statistics. The data is organized by location (national and state) class, topic and data source. The data can be viewed by temporal trends and stratified by age group, and race/ethnicity.
Dataset has column named question and from this column there are several questions which are highly valuable for data analysis. Some of the questions can determine cases of physical abuse, alcohol consumption during pregnancy, teenage pregnancy, health of the infant after the delivery and many more. This dataset also provides the response that was checked by the mother herself during her visit to hospital. This dataset can also help us determine the mothers who are taking the benefits of Insurance, Medicaid and Medicare services. Family planning is important, and this dataset helps us understand that there are many mothers who visits hospitals specially to discuss parenthood, family length and number of years of difference between two births. 
Weight of the baby is another crucial part of post and pre-pregnancy to make sure that baby brought to this world is healthy. This is a collaborative effort of parent and doctor who make sure that mother is fed properly so that baby and mother both are healthy post-delivery. This dataset gives us information about baby weight post pregnancy. Also, it gives information of mother post-delivery. PRAMS topics include contraception, breastfeeding, mental health, morbidity, obesity, preconception health, pregnancy history, prenatal-care, sleep behavior, smoke exposure, stress, tobacco use, WIC, Medicaid, infant health, and unintended pregnancy. There are more than 500,000 rows and 28 columns of comprehensive information regarding pregnant women which can lead to many meaningful insides.
